This is a head-gum original.
And I'm not even really that sick.
I just feel really run down in recovering.
And it's just like it's so fucked up
that we can never just take a week off of this bullshit.
Yeah.
I don't want to perform right now.
I'm in a grumpy mood.
You got to zip the show?
What's that?
Is this already the show?
No, we haven't started because of Limerica.
Limerica is not...
She's ill-prepared and she's ill at ease.
And I'm recovering.
I said I was recording a minute ago.
Fine.
And yes, this is the show.
And this is the show.
Here we go.
Welcome to the show.
If you're just tuning in,
this is the head-gum podcast.
What?
Of course, I'm just tuning in.
I should just start it.
All right, all right.
Casey's picking up the energy.
Yeah, I don't necessarily have it today.
Let's just say that.
Mereka, what's wrong?
What are you talking about?
Mereka, I need it.
She's...
What?
Sushi?
It's 2015.
Our lunch arrived as the started.
You guys ordered sushi as a cup of tea for lunch?
Yeah, come on in.
This is this guy.
Come on in.
This sucks.
It's hard to come.
It's a cup of tea.
Oh, I think I need to turn on that mic.
Oh, yeah.
All right.
Yeah.
Well, as she gets up, we should introduce...
Making her head-gum podcast debut.
Rishou!
Also, am I levels okay?
Now they're better.
You have a flat ass.
Has anyone ever told you that?
Uh, no.
But nobody's ever said that I had a nice round ass.
Yeah.
It's for my ass.
Does that make sense?
Have we started?
Yes.
But we started.
But that was...
What's that?
I don't think that was on camera or...
Did we just stop and start again?
Yeah.
I had to stop and start to arm the mic.
For sure.
Um...
I don't have headphones so I can't hear what we're using.
There's no headphones over there.
Oh, my god.
Make it the end of the mic, you.
Uh, more than me.
So the great episode.
And I knew this would happen.
You know, sometimes...
Yeah.
Sometimes you wake up feeling dangerous.
Sometimes you wake up feeling...
Sort of pathetic.
Like, yeah.
Do you want to mean?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Rishou, how does it work?
How does it work?
Did you wake up?
Dangerous.
Which is pathetic.
Because it's just this.
Rishou, do you want to introduce yourself what you do at the network?
Um...
How you're feeling today?
And maybe...
Yeah.
Like...
That's enough.
That's enough for now.
Yeah.
What's your immigration status?
Pending.
Really?
No.
I'm a U.S. citizen.
Okay.
That's good to hear.
I know.
Sorry.
And what's your...
Let's do social security number.
That just do...
Just one day.
What's your role here at the company?
I don't know.
Do you, do you guys know?
Yeah.
You're a producer engineer.
I'm a producer and engineer.
Yeah.
I'll speak for a rishou, for what shows.
Case ...
Exxo gossip king and the basketball podcast.
A good one.
Yeah.
It's about baseball.
It's about basketball.
Are you excited, nervous?
I feel like you were forced to do this.
I'm a little scared.
Yeah.
And on you said she was going to be here to protect me, but she's not here.
She did say that.
Yeah.
I feel like my bad habits are rubbing out on you.
Like promising one thing.
And what way?
Delivering.
In what way, is that what you said?
Yeah.
Just like, yeah, over promising under delivering.
What?
Rochelle, you produced an engineer the last episode of, if I were you.
Yeah.
The very last one.
But you didn't know it was the last one.
No, no one told me that.
Yeah.
You were the, I'm going to show up and help record.
And.
So interrupting a kind of interesting conversation for the,
I'm going to the week, well, bond of the week, which doesn't matter anymore.
Skyler, jizbondo.
Sure.
Jizbondo is my pick.
I feel like we said come before.
I'll see you changed his name.
What's his last name?
Jizbondo.
Who is that?
No, his last name is jizbondo.
He, you know his face.
He plays Will.
He's in book smart.
Yeah.
He's in the righteous gemstones.
He has a great career.
I'm jealous of him.
Who is he in both of those?
He's the, he's Danny McFreads son.
Yeah.
Can we just?
And then he's the kid that shows up to the castle.
Guys.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Bring it in.
Yeah.
Well, now that I know who it is, I can top it up.
I do think he would be a good.
That Michelle produced the last name.
You can't go back to that.
What?
Why not?
We moved on.
We had to do bond of the week at the five minute episode.
I mean, it marked.
No, he did not.
And nobody else did their bond.
Nobody else cares to do their bond.
I also feel like let's get bond of the week started.
Let's circle back to you producing the last episode of if I were you.
And then we'll do everyone's bond of the week.
That's it.
That was the whole story that Michelle sort of tied into my podcast.
Lower now because she was there for the finale.
Are you frustrated at all that you could have avoided the cancer that was if I were you?
Because you were like one episode away from never having to touch that shit.
I did a couple other ones.
What's the bond of the week?
Michelle, who's your bond of the week?
I don't know if you've ever heard the show.
Of course not.
Yeah.
What's the bond of the week?
So Daniel Craig is out as James.
Okay.
So every week until the next bond is cast.
We're loving up our pick for the next 007.
Okay.
Yeah.
And my pick this week was Skyler Gisando.
Or should we say Skyler Gisando.
Yeah.
You did see that a lot.
You can also go last if you want to get a feel for how people pick this.
I'll go next.
All right.
Similarly, I'll just go with Tim bolts.
Yes, bond.
Okay.
Tim bonds.
Yeah.
That's kind of nice.
No, that's good.
I'm going to go directly.
You said it.
So don't say it was really good.
I said Tim bonds.
Well, I was saying a mirror.
Yeah.
A mirror thing was good.
I'm going to go with the minions.
All of them.
That's interesting.
That's cute.
Yeah.
That's good.
Because they could kind of stack on each other and be tall.
Yeah.
You're not worried that they can't speak English.
So like the classic line.
I said set banana before.
I know that much.
He said banana, which is not really banana.
Imagine them saying James Bond.
Bond.
It's really good.
See, that's the kind of shit we took.
You can also pass, I guess.
That one's ever done that for you.
I'm going to go casey bond to you.
Yeah.
Pretty good.
You said James Bond.
We've already been.
You've already been.
Yes.
Oh, okay.
Then Marie could have already been.
I think I chose you.
Because someone made the list of our running Bond of the weeks.
And I think I chose you as.
But when you're specifically when you're wearing your bowloat.
Oh, I like that.
What?
Make it something happened.
Nothing sorry.
Just whispering to me, I don't even know what he's saying.
He's like giving a note.
How about this for a bond, really?
I heard a hungry gate.
I'm saying why are we even.
Yeah.
Now I'm just going to speak to you too.
But like why do we even do this show?
It's like nobody wants like it.
Because nobody.
Nobody.
Like we're coming together to try to make shit happen.
But nothing ever does.
Other than like, I don't know.
Are we coming together to make shit happen?
Down town up.
The downtown episode was good.
Yeah.
I liked the fuck up some rise episode.
People like last week.
We knew about it.
And last week.
But then that was like a gimmick.
You know.
Nothing.
We're all in front of the camera.
I'm Rika's in New York.
This is a nothing burger.
Or shall welcome to the show.
I hope you're having fun.
You can really.
Thank you.
I just wanted to comment.
That was really taken to the phrase nothing burger.
Mm.
And I don't really know what the origin is.
You started saying it.
I think it's funny.
What is a nothing burger?
But it's like a basketball thing.
Well basketball is like he scored a 50 burger.
Like when he has 50 points.
But nothing burger is like when you just basically had burger
to a quantity is like a thing.
But I didn't think nothing burger is specifically a basketball
reference.
Like this whole.
This whole trial is a nothing burger basically.
Did you say podcast?
No.
Because that's actually the word of the day.
I didn't say it.
What is a show about?
Thank you.
Exactly.
You're getting it.
That was the serious question.
No, that's the correct.
Valorality.
Moving around.
Discuss.
Do you feel young?
These days not really.
A body is hurting.
I'm going to go with them now.
My bones are aching.
So Casey's bones are aching.
Marie could just set it flat out.
No.
You're 40, bud.
So I think you don't feel young.
Yeah.
I mean, I don't feel old.
I just feel like I'm, yeah, my age.
So, you know, bumps and bruises.
Trying to maximize sleep, health, food.
Thinking about mortality more than I was at age 20, sure.
But I wouldn't say I feel old.
But yeah, I don't feel young either.
Do you fear death?
No, I don't really fear death.
It's so far away that I'm more concerned with more like a current problems.
If I was you, well, now that you don't have the show anymore, I'll just say if I were you,
I'd be, I'd be fearing finishing out my mortgage.
I mean, hanging it off.
Because that means I'll have a lived in that house for third years.
That house, yeah.
It's fine.
Yeah.
But you want to like, your house should be an expression of your personality.
And it uses kind of like a white box.
Really?
Well, because you have a nice patio.
You have the car report for the show.
Yeah.
How's that for a show's house this weekend?
For a show, would you say that your house is an expression of your personality?
Maybe the inside.
Yeah.
I don't know about the outside.
But yours is a rental, we should say.
Yes.
Okay.
One second.
Because you don't have control over the outside.
You only have control over the inside.
On which you put your mark, your stamp.
I guess so.
I guess I could, I could do something.
What did you think about the outside of my house?
Yeah.
I didn't really see the inside.
We shall have a birthday party.
Whoa.
Oh, yes.
Speaking of getting older.
Do you feel young?
Um, no.
When's your birthday?
April 30th.
And then I hit the big 3L.
Whoa.
30 on 30.
Holy smokes.
Rochelle had a bunch of fun decorations about being old now.
Which was kind of insulting as someone older than 30.
Yeah.
I was like, well.
Come on.
Oh my god.
I'm 30.
I'm like, yeah.
I think she has a point.
What?
Because both of us are not 30.
Really?
Yeah.
How old are you guys?
I'm 40.
I'm 29.
I'm 28 actually.
Soon to be 29.
We should say.
Yeah.
I'm like, and half a year.
What is this?
Because 28 and a half.
This show is...
Nothing.
Yeah.
I'm 25.
Oh wow.
Yeah.
I try to kill you here.
Every time.
I'll be asked about you.
Yeah.
We don't seem like we're 15 years apart, right?
Are you trying to say that you seem younger?
I think I'm a little...
I feel a little bit younger.
You feel a little bit older.
So we're both like 29.
Now I would say, like, I'm 38ish and you're sort of 28ish.
But you're still...
I mean, it's so old.
Yeah.
I don't know.
It's still 10 years apart.
Yeah.
Yes.
The only that gives it away is the silver in your hair.
Great.
But I feel like...
You got to be a little cowice.
Two of them here.
I think it's great.
That's good.
Yeah.
I want to be salt and pepper.
But I'm older.
I think it's sort of a...
What's that?
I didn't say anything.
Discuss.
What do you guys think land in Donovan is doing right?
Go soccer player?
The soccer player?
Yes.
Go soccer player.
This show is sponsored by BetterHelp.
Guys, how often is it that you get caught up in what others need from you?
Right?
Rather than what you need from you?
All right?
It's hard because it's so easy to spend all your time giving.
And it can leave you feeling stretched thin and burnt out.
Right?
That's where therapy can come in because therapy gives you the tools to find more balance in your life.
So you can keep supporting others while also supporting yourself and not leaving yourself behind.
Again, guys.
I'm in therapy every week.
I'd therapy today.
And I'm soaring.
I don't know what else to say.
I mean, I finally had that hour to give to myself.
And then now tonight, I'm already to go to go to that head gum happy hour.
I'd dynasty typewriter to give to others because I mean, the joy, the wisdom that I spew is a gift.
I don't know what else to say.
So if you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try.
Because BetterHelp is entirely online designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule.
Just fill out a brief questionnaire and get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapist at any time for no additional charge.
Find more balance with BetterHelp.
Visit betterhelp.com slash what's that?
To get 10% off your first month.
That's BetterHelp.
H-E-L-P dot com slash what's that?
Thanks BetterHelp.
Really quickly.
Can I ask if everyone else was also hearing Jeff's sound, like, slack,
like, slack when a patient.
Yeah.
That's for sure.
That's not on me.
This is the head gum product.
It's slack.
It's coming from head gum.
It sounded like a slack, like a DM.
Like not even in, like, a group channel.
So was Marty texting us about lunch?
What was the...
No.
It was about lunch.
We got to get on that.
No.
Mike has been trying to slide.
I mean, I'm sort of looking here.
Like a her with.
Yeah.
Won't you just respond to him?
Well, it doesn't look as then it validates him.
You know, it's like when people, yeah.
Like, Marie, good people probably slide into your DMs, right?
Do you ever respond?
You don't take me on slack?
No, on Instagram.
Not that much.
But you get headgum fans reaching out to you.
Uh, I'd say, like, everyone's in a while.
But I also am really bad about, like, checking the,
the, like, one sort of...
Requested out.
Sure.
Yeah.
Resil, do you want to plug your social media?
Um, you can follow me on Instagram.
At your dinner score on your score, Sard.
That's good.
Is that your last name, Sard?
No.
Do you think our first name was Yard?
It's not.
Resil, Yard, Sard.
The strike is in full.
What are we discussing?
The WGA strike.
Marie, get in full effect.
Oh, the strike is in full effect.
Why haven't we struck?
Because, because we're sure how much we have.
Are you paid hourly or he's salary?
I'm paid hourly.
So how much do you make an hour?
You don't have to answer that.
But also employee solidarity, because I'm, I mean,
make less than you, and then I can use this as negotiation
with his ass to get more.
To get more for you, but not her.
Well, if I make more, she could use that.
Oh, let's get point.
You don't have to answer it.
I mean, I, it's up to a mirror, honestly.
Me.
How did I get involved in this whole rig of my role?
Uh, yeah, I also agree that you don't have to answer it.
Well, it's better for him if you don't answer it.
She's the boss.
Rica?
Thoughts on your salary.
I mean, you're never seen an invoice.
Yeah.
Rica's right.
Oh, yeah.
Does it mean you, do you know how much I get paid?
Probably not.
I don't know.
Not at all.
Do you know Casey?
I think I do.
Okay.
40.
What?
I'm just not here.
Does it mean I'm not protection?
And this is on her.
I'm protecting her.
You said that on your feels guilty.
I'm not going.
I'm protecting her.
Casey hired me.
I.
Yeah.
I said we should hire her.
You said we'll start?
You at 7.25 an hour.
That's what I said.
Yes.
How do you guys know it?
Don't point like that.
Yeah, don't point like that.
I think the first time we met officially was in a group chat game of survivor.
Yeah.
Oh, wow.
And then I betrayed Casey.
Yeah.
She dated my ex.
In the game of survivors.
Sure.
Yeah.
How does it add to the text game of survivors?
She won the game.
Oh, really?
Is it just like a group chat where like somebody gets focused?
Wait.
I have a question.
Yeah.
Common friends.
Which is a group chat.
Text game of pega.
We were in a editing collective call eraser trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash
trash trash trash trash.
And then who put you in a group tech you're an ex.
One big dot again?
Oh, Martin Dave Seeker.
Yeah.
My live gave.
Good broad you.
Yeah, I was thinking of yeah different day.
I've been talking before.
Cooking before we see your.
does Dave Seeker wear a flıyor?
Ever know what?
It's the type of pilot's watch.
Flieger?
Yeah.
I don't think you were as flieger.
I do have a Seeger hat and I've told them
that he should get a Seeger hat himself.
Or David?
A David hat?
Yeah.
And he could alternate depending on if he's feeling his first
name or his last name.
A lot of people call him Seeger.
Wow!
You guys must have been really trusting of Casey
because I didn't have any interviews when I was hired here.
You didn't do any interviews?
Yeah.
Some people I've heard have had to do four,
which is way too many.
I had to do three.
I think the difference is full-time versus freelance employee.
My final interview was with Danny and Angie
and I was confused why.
Yeah.
You like to be like today?
For us to part together.
Somebody in the conference room with their back to the door.
I think that's Alex.
Berkman?
Get her in here.
This is her every day.
You should get her on the one hand.
She's doing the next.
It's doing the next shift.
I think it's you.
Berkman.
Allie and I'm not doing the next one.
What?
And what?
I'm not doing the next one.
What?
Erica.
And we're going to try and get Berkman on and then if you can,
would really love to have you because I don't want it to be all.
Very good.
Where is it?
She's not coming.
You're confused.
You don't want it to be all women.
Yeah.
What amere supposed to be on that one?
No.
I don't care about that.
I just want a familiar face because otherwise,
it's mostly people who are never on the show.
And I've been on a lot.
That's true.
Alex can kind of hold it down.
Also amere supposed to be on that one.
That's why we're spending this episode talking about the next episode.
That's what we're talking about.
We're always in pre-pros.
Here's a segment that I like to call.
Um.
Okay.
So right.
This was way shorter.
That's a weird point for it to cut off.
This is a segment I like to call.
So what?
So these are our local headlines that shouldn't have been reported.
Uh, the first one is this golden statue was ridiculed when a local government
erected it.
Then gold prices skyrocketed.
So what?
You know what?
I see.
So what?
Yeah.
West Hartford Connecticut removes no trespassing signs in town.
That's why I went to high school.
Just days after installation.
So what?
Actually, I care about that one.
I went to high school there.
Wait, what's the actual, they removed the sign?
Mm-hm.
Break it, you hear about that?
Is this thing?
I hear about it.
We got, are you, as news to me?
Are you Gilmore girls?
No.
But you went to high school in Hartford.
Less Hartford.
In West Hartford born and educated?
On the playground is where I did all of my trespassing.
What grades were you in?
And what, when you get, when you were in Hartford?
Um, I was, but we should say that.
It's for the viewer who just saw that.
What, she just kind of heard a little aside away from the mic.
Rook is housing tuna right now with soy.
And so I think that that was literally.
No, literally.
It's sweet soy sauce or wasabi onto the looks of it.
Wow.
That looks fancy.
Oh, where's it from?
That looks good.
Straight shot.
She's going to pop up.
I was actually kind of in every grade when I was in high school.
Which is normal sounding, but I skipped grades.
So I started in ninth because my credits hadn't transferred.
And then I at the end of the year, I was in 10th.
And then I started 11th, but graduated early.
So it was also kind of in 12th.
So it was there for two years.
Which, so you kind of finished high school.
Sorry.
It's kind of interesting.
You did it.
I didn't want to use.
Um, I mean, technically three.
I was homeschooled for ninth grade.
By who?
And you were home school.
My mother.
And she just straight up was like, this is geometry.
Here's US history.
Here's whatever.
Um, I took.
Technically.
Well, I took geometry as like a, um, like an online course in three months.
Actually, I did that.
And during the summer of eighth grade.
Um, so that was a whole thing.
But yeah, I did a lot of online courses for like individual subjects.
And then I went to a nerd camp where I like took biology.
Sorry.
I was planning a needle lunch.
Is needle the new um speed?
It kind of is.
I've only been there once.
We don't have the sacks points anymore.
Remember that?
The sacks?
Yeah, I do.
That was the shit.
We should.
But you know, and you know who's fault it is.
Grayson.
Rachelle, would you say you're more or less confused about what this show is?
Now that we're about half hour deep into an episode.
I think I'm with the same amount of confused.
Right.
Well, but there's no clarity.
There's no clarity.
There's no failure.
How can we?
Yeah.
Advertise with failure.
And now we don't.
Do you mean like take it up?
Yeah.
Can we help?
Can I get a log line?
Yeah.
I mean, the log light is that it's kind of a mess.
But organized chaos seemingly.
But the log line that I came up with is it's 45 minutes of pop culture.
Pop culture discussion.
I mean, spirited games and quizzes.
And gotcha journalist.
Are the status.
Part.
When you read it on the website, there are going to be
Stutters.
Yeah.
Let me tell you something about my email inbox.
I.
So I got spam bombed this week.
Right.
And yeah.
And so what happened was.
I get an email saying.
Your new American Express gold card is in the mail.
And it's being shipped to a zip code that I don't live in.
And I'm like, OK, that's weird.
I don't know.
There's, maybe this is just like a fake email.
And if I click on it and try and give them any of my information, then actually the fraud will happen.
Around this email, though, I get like 800 spam emails.
A lot that had signed to be up for every fucking service email list newsletter imaginable.
And so I'm fucking having to click on subscribe, report spam for all of them.
But I'm like, it eventually calmed down.
This was on Friday afternoon.
Monday morning rolls around.
Your card is out for delivery.
Another spam bomb.
Monday afternoon.
Your card has been delivered and activated.
Holy shit.
There's somebody with a card with,
seemingly cart blanch access because, by the way,
MX doesn't have a credit limit.
Right.
That's how you get in the real trouble.
Um, but that's true.
Really.
MX doesn't have a credit limit.
I'm almost positive.
Yeah.
For a gold card.
Well, like, you can literally buy a half a thousand dollar card.
I didn't think it had a credit limit.
I had to call MX and report the fraud.
They were very kind.
They were very nice.
They were Richard kind at a certain point.
Because they were like,
I'd like to tell you about your card.
It's not a great Richard kind.
Can you just be a little more Richard?
I was in a little tinder to find dumbass.
So I unsubscribed and reported spam for like over a thousand emails
over the past week.
And some of them are still trickling in, though.
One of them being fluerly.
Which is sort of like fairity,
but I think it's period underwear.
Why don't we advertise with them?
Fluority.
Yeah.
So I was right.
It is menstrual underwear.
And I do think people can maybe use this.
Wait, no, it's actually, no, it's the cup.
But it looks like it's not even an English.
Might not be an American company.
Well, we have listeners across the globe.
Here we go.
Welcome to goder quote.
Goder quote.
Or quote.
Okay.
Did you guys, why are you seeing what?
Well, you're like, you're put out by the whole episode.
Keep going.
Are you comfortable, Marika?
Do you have enough soy?
So you guys heard about this Ed Sheeran thing, right?
No.
What do you mean no?
No, I don't follow Ed Sheeran.
I don't either, but it was all over the news, right?
It actually mattered not just for Ed, but actually for music in general.
The future of it, et cetera.
What happened?
Am I boring you?
No, just say what fucking happened.
We all said we didn't know.
Explain it.
Ed Sheeran had been a part of a lawsuit for years about if he, from the state of Marvin Gaye,
saying that he stole, let's get it on with his song, thinking out loud.
I don't know.
All right.
You know what I'm thinking out loud.
Exactly.
I know what you're thinking out loud.
I don't want some people to actually, that's pretty good.
I love it.
Every single way.
Maybe I just tell you why I am.
Think about it.
Keep going.
Thinking and loving heart.
Has it not to the heart of a thousand stars.
The ring of bells.
So ringing about.
Suit out in my car.
The clock!
Go to quote.
I want to know your guys's opinions.
We're going to play the songs back to back.
And I want to know if you think
Ed Sheeran plagiarized Marvin Gaye.
Okay.
The lawsuit did finish up with the jury saying he didn't.
But I don't know.
I want to hear you guys just thought.
So this is the original.
This is Marvin Gaye's.
Let's get it on.
So that's Marvin Gaye and this is Ed Sheeran.
This is not.
Sorry.
That was the TikTok version.
Here's the video that's just both of them back to back.
Well, we're loving you.
To a 70.
Let's get it on.
Yeah.
Like not even close.
They assume because of the tempo or something.
Here's the thing.
The chord progression is the exact same I think.
But it also I think is up and active or something.
And you.
There are already been ruleings that you can't copyright a chord progression.
There's only so many octaves.
Yeah.
I've heard songs sound a lot more similar than those things.
Appearance protection comes down to what's in the sheet music.
Okay.
What did you think of my version versus the edge?
Like when you heard the edge Sheeran song or like, oh, no.
I like there's better.
Right.
There's a character to your voice as in it sounded worse.
But like in a charming way.
Yeah.
More attainable.
Are you looking at the menu again?
Are you looking at the.
Yeah.
What do you guys want from Needle?
Do you want the churring fun?
Still what?
The churring fun.
Have you eaten that needle?
No.
It's good.
I've been saying I should go there.
Yeah.
I went once.
Have you guys had the salted yolk French toast?
This looks like a heart attack.
All right.
Yeah.
That one looks a little heavy.
But it also probably tastes delicious.
That's true.
Good food.
Is that the end of the song?
That is me.
Well, or go?
Yeah.
Oh, we're going.
That.
That title doesn't make any sense.
Go.
Whoa.
Is it the greatest of all time or is it a quote of the greatest of all time?
You only explain the situation with the.
So you're saying you should vote on a video game.
Play a game.
It's a game.
I'm so blessed of doing games on this show.
It was less of a segment of more of an anecdote.
We're going to.
You guys don't.
Yeah.
Appreciate it when I put a ton of work.
This is something I've noticed in outline in this shit.
When I put a ton of effort into it, they don't go well.
Oh, we got a Jeffrey.
Jeffrey.
He's pretty good.
He's great.
Yes, but you have to be sparing with Jeffrey.
Jeffrey is like, Jeffrey, but it's all like wrong answers.
Kind of fun, right?
Would you say it's better than Jeff explaining a lawsuit and then telling us not to worry about it?
I would have to play Jeffrey.
To make that fall.
Well, I don't have a Jeffrey prepared.
I'm saving it for our potential tour, which, by the way, no word from Katie on that.
Katie was like, I'm going to check the budget.
No, she didn't.
It's been a month since that happened.
And a mirror brought it up the other day.
And it all looked fair.
I like the idea of doing a show on the woods.
That's what I was saying.
I said this on the livestream last night.
Literally outdoors.
West Coast tour.
Right?
We're going to do L.A.
Big Sur San Francisco Portland.
What?
America.
And then the news is called.
Yes, buddy.
And then the exactly right in this gets what it's a comedy show.
So the for shell.
This is the idea, right?
It's called the episode would be called if a tree falls.
And it would be a last minute secret show that we announced day of at the Henry Miller library stage.
It's not secret anymore.
Well, they're not going to win.
It is.
They're not going to know what it is.
And you want some people there.
Right?
So we go ahead and we're like, okay, we're going to do a tour in August.
We're going to do a tour in September or something.
The L.A. show is on August 17th.
Right?
And then our San Francisco show isn't until August 20th.
People can infer that the fucking if a tree falls in episode is going to be somewhere
between there.
Right?
And so some people, especially Barry and people,
can't hang out at a library for days.
Wow!
I just think we should be running for a day and if I'm wrong for that, what's it?
Keep going.
You interrupted.
And I'm not even talking to Casey.
If I can Marieka.
And a shit.
Two dates.
That's all I need to revamp this whole Shabaz.
It has to be profitable.
We can't just go to the middle of the woods and lose money.
That's why Katie asked to check for the budget.
Really?
Because old cost is money.
Well, what if the episode does so well online?
Most of these episodes do the same regardless of who's on them or where they were recorded.
So you can't say, oh, this episode will be exceptionally well-attended or whatever.
And we also can sell ads.
Yeah, knowing that there will be a bump in traffic for that particular episode.
Well, the only way to balance it out would be ticket sales.
Right.
And you want to do it in the middle of fucking nowhere.
So nobody will come.
And you don't want to even tell people when it is.
Well, if we do a live show from Carmo by the scene.
That's the same area.
Beautiful.
We're going to lose money on that.
Because any venue there is going to take like 20%.
The Henry Miller Library.
I already talked to them in person.
I talked to the owner of the library.
I was like, do you guys do shows here?
They said, yes.
So a podcast called The Edmund podcast could we do it here for free?
He said, yes.
As long as people buy books.
It's a library where they're selling books.
It's a cool library.
I've been there.
It's like, it's not like a library in the sense that you're thinking.
It's more like.
It's a book store.
A book store in the woods.
Two book minimum.
I'll have you ever been to the Henry Miller Library.
We're not making money.
There's something in there.
Should we do a podcast here?
I think that'd be cool.
Yeah.
I have an idea.
Oh.
Good paper.
No.
I don't like the idea.
Take me to here and talk to me.
Yeah.
What's the idea?
It's okay.
It's too late.
It's too late now.
Great.
I want to play your little jingle.
Little fucking TikTok sound.
I'm sending an animosity and I want to know who the headgum rivals are.
Oh, it's amazing.
It's kind of everyone versus me.
You're seeing him.
You haven't said anything.
It's towards each other.
But it's also kind of you versus a mirror.
Yeah.
How long did that survival game take over text?
Was it like a one night affair?
Like a multi week battle.
Multi week.
And then do you plan to end in Donovan still lives in LA?
The soccer player?
Yeah.
I don't know.
Well, he played for the galaxy.
So you could have inferred.
But that galaxy doesn't really play in LA.
Doesn't LA FC play like in LA proper.
Bye.
I can't get myself.
So no flag.
No flag.
No.
A hard out.
Oh, my God.
That was a hit-dum original.